I received this big huge set of LEGO’s from my family and I screamed with excitement when I opened the present. I already have SteamBoat so this is a great one to work on next before the big big one the Disney LEGO castle. If you LOVE DISNEY you have to have it all! I am one of those people! I opened the box Christmas night with my kids and husband and there were so many pieces and a lot are very small, so the little ones were quickly moved away. My older kids decided to work with me on this and I love when I get these because they always want to help. All of the little intricacies blow my mind. Down to Walts caboose and the little objects inside such as the tea set make it more intimate as you build the set. For those of us that are Disney fanatics this set will be a perfect set to build and put away as an art piece. Also if you have kids it is fun to build together and talk about memories of Disneyland or DisneyWorld as you build the set. We did that and it was a very touching time. The set was difficult to do. Definitely not a set for younger children and remember the small pieces. I think ages 10 and up could do this set. It may be a challenge but with patience it could be done. It takes time and you have to really pay attention to the directions. I put it in my cabinet where I have other Disney LEGO items, it is fragile so if you are going to keep it out keep it somewhere safe. Love this and can’t say enough about LEGO. They always get it right!
Really nice Disney train set, it’s expensive but a lot of fun to build. The train motor goes really fast and it’s easy to control with the phone app. 5 Disney characters look great and the set looks very much like the real thing in Disney. Great for all ages comes in 4 book of instructions.
I was looking for the Disney Castle, but it sold out. Please restock!! Therefore, I ordered Train and Station, I spent 2 hours per day and finished in 8 days! Enjoyed it!!
Being a HUGE Disney fan & having ridden the Disney Train many times I knew I had to get this set.

I have started my own ‘Disneyland’ at home & seem to be adding more pieces weekly lol

As others have stated there are MANY stickers in this set. I’m on the fence when it comes to stickers but these definitely add to the finishing touches. Although one piece in this set is ‘printed’ so I don’t see why the pieces that need stickers couldn’t be printed as well. Also there are many repeated steps in the Station build but the overall finished product imo is worth it.

Felt it a little expensive for the piece count but taking into consideration the motor/hub included in this set doesn’t make it overly expensive. 

I would have preferred to run the train by remote, not by an app on my phone but it’s something I can live with.

I also purchased the City Tracks #60205 as they are compatible with the tracks as I wanted to extend the track to travel around the Disney Station & the Disney Castle. Presently working on a new piece to add to my own little Disneyland so I’m happy to be able to extend the tracks to travel around the entire thing.

I just love that Goofy was included with this set as he has always been a favorite,

Overall happy with purchase and looking forward to adding Disney pieces to my own happiest place on earth
I'll start off by saying I'm more of a Disney guy than a LEGO guy so my experience with LEGO's isn't as extensive as most reviewers probably have. This was a fun set to build and I enjoyed it. 

There were a a few steps, especially as you got to the station building parts, where it seems more easy to miss a brick than in other building phases. I liked the details of the station to include pictures of the monorail, trains, etc...

What I didn't like was how many stickers there were. I also have the Steamboat Willie set. I don't remember there being many (if any) stickers with that set. I am not a big fan of stickers because you never place the exactly right. For the price point, I would have liked to have seen bricks that already had their stickers applied or preferably, printed on.
I also have issues with all the stickers. Mainly that the ones for the long mat dont match up. Also there is a colour issue in my instruction book that says to use a dark red brick when it should be a brown one.The app is fun to use, but if this is the reason the set is pricey compared to the castle I dont think it is value for money. Also you cant use the battery pack to power any lights. Other than that it looks great with the castle.
Had so much fun building this piece ...also hubby and I enjoyed spending time together while I built this and he built his gundam action collectible ..
I'm not the biggest Disney fan, but I am a huge train fan, and aside from the cycle of passenger and cargo trains they release every few years, we don't get a lot of interesting sets for train fans.

Aesthetically, this set is really beautiful. It steps out of the usual 6-stud wide train builds, and gives a solid 8 wide build that, given the scale, works better, in my opinion. The train looks great, but it causes problems if, like me, you do something like put the train on your Winter Village track. It hits both the Winter Village Train Station and the gates on the railroad crossing. Some quick modifications fix it, though.

Unlike some of the other reviewers, I did not have a problem with instructions or misprinted stickers (although, for sets this large and costly, I would have preferred printed bricks). Unlike previous large sets I've built, there is only one numbered bag used at a time. That avoids a lot of confusion and makes it a lot simpler, as you don't have to wonder why there are three bag 1s, and only two bag 2s, but 4 bag 3s... you know you are getting the right parts for each set of steps in the instructions. If you're old-school, you can still feel free to dump them all in a giant pile from the start and have fun digging for bricks.

This is my first Powered Up (PU) train, and unlike the other PU train sets (Cargo and Passenger trains), this does not include a remote, which means you will need a mobile device - Apple or Android, to control the train. Make sure your device can handle it. You otherwise might want to buy a remote control separately, which is a lot cheaper than getting a whole new mobile device.

If you are using the app to control the train, it's got two "modes," one regular and one winter. The interface gives you a different appearance, and the optional background music (very nice touch) is different. The app lets you ring the train bell, blow the train whistle, and control the speed of the train. All in all, it's a pretty nice system. Note, you cannot do ANYTHING else with your device while playing with the train, as switching apps causes the system to disconnect automatically. There's nothing you can do about it. It's a fine default behavior, but there's no settings where you can adjust it.

That leads me to some of the bad things about this system, and it's mostly related to PU, and not the Disney Train, but since that's what it comes with, I think it's fair to include it here.

Firstly, it's supposed to automatically disconnect and shut down the hub (the controller for the train - the "brains" that attach to the motor) when you exit the app. The light on the hub does go off, but then I have no explanation for the miserable battery life of the hub. 6 brand new AAA batteries were gone before a week was up, and I only ran the train a few minutes at a time, maybe a dozen times, before the batteries wore out. 6 new batteries to play with programming the hub, and in less than 20 minutes the train was going noticeably slower. I have now ordered two sets of rechargeable batteries. For a company that seems so concerned about the environment, the miserable battery life is really quite bad.

The other thing, as I mentioned, is that PU lets you create your own controls - it lets you "program" the train. The screen that lets you build your own gives you a number of pages of different icons that you can link together to make stuff happen; it includes several computer programming concepts that should allow a novice to learn a little bit about programming logic. Great bonus, right? Except there's no documentation for ANY of the icons/constructs that are included, or how to use the interface at all. Some are easy to figure out, some not. There are other concepts, like being able to create sub-blocks of "code" that I figured out after some time, but I look at this and shake my head at the idea that someone who doesn't already know how to program could figure any of this out. I'm a professional computer programmer, and I had trouble trying to figure it out. Do you know the different between local and global variables? I do. Not so sure a 10 year old with no programming experience would.

It's also quite difficult to do all this on a little phone screen. If you have an Android or iOS tablet, that might ease the pain. Being able to do something really cool on my laptop would be great, but there's no Windows interface available. How does the LEGO Group create a programmable device like this without getting the resources out there for people to program it? And there's really no excusing it - the Boost system has been out for at least two years.

I ultimately was able to make a little program and, using the color sensor from boost, have the train run independently while occasionally stopping at the Winter Village Train Station for a few moments before proceeding around the track again. Despite the issues and lack of documentation, that's the kind of cool thing both adults and kids could get into.
I am a 71 year old that has never built a Lego set in my life, but I am a big fan of Disney and trains. When I (and my wife) saw this set, we knew I had to get it even without previous Lego experience. 
Starting with the locomotive, I made many mistakes and had to rebuild it several times. Afterwards, I worked more deliberately and systematically (with help from my granddaughter on one of the cars). I got the hang of things although still making mistakes. But now I caught mistakes quickly and corrected them quickly. Ironically and despite some complaints, I loved the decals. The window cleaner spray tip worked perfectly and all the decals were problem-free.
As the set was coming together, we loved the results. The train looks great and the station is beautiful. We change the view of the station every few days since we love both the front and the inside. And the train runs beautifully.
Am I ready to tackle another set? While the Disney Castle is not for us, I would be interested in seeing what might come next. For now, we are so happy and thank you Lego.
I will say the set is very adorable. We were super excited when it was completed and my son could run it from his phone . My issue is the dining car keeps falling apart. Anytime you touch it to move characters something is falling apart. So far the rest of the cars seem fine but we are super disappointed. And no it's nkt a mistake in the build on our end, we have almost if not all the Lego trains so we are very well versed in train assembly. To the point I now have to order a missing piece to the train as we were fixing it for the umpteen time a Lego went flying and we can't find it . I would recommend to others to glue this car together.
Overall, this build is not worth £300! Luckily mine was purchased in the Black Friday sale and as a gift, and as much as I love it, the quality is very disappointing. The stickers should look so much better than they do, in fact, the bricks should be pre-printed! One example is the picture attached. There’s one thick line on each sticker and they’ve printed the end two the exact same so it’s completely out of line! I expected so much better!
I love this set. I got it for Christmas. The train was so much fun to put together. It looks so beautiful on display. 

The only thing I couldnt get past was how the colour choice of the train station reminded me to much of a fire station so I decided to change it. 

Over all this set was so much fun to build, it has absolutely fantastic detailing inside and out and it’s fun to play with.

Good job Lego. I’d recommend.
I've always wanted my own train set, and happy to say that this is my first one! I had a lot of fun building everything, even though some of the steps are basically putting the same pieces together, especially for the train station. One major flaw are the amount of stickers that come with this set. While I love the "art" and everything, I feel like my stickers aren't absolutely perfect, and I want them to be that way. If you try to unpeel and adjust, you run the risk of bunching up a corner, and it just looks bad. Maybe I haven't found the secret to doing this properly. I also don't like how everything is controlled on my phone. I'm not attached to my phone like the rest of the world, and it takes a lot for my iPhone 5 to load the app and becomes hot if I run the app for more than a few minutes. Still an awesome set, and even though I haven't found the perfect display spot just yet, I know it'll look perfect next to my Disney Castle set.
I must say, as soon as this set was announced I immediately set a reminder in my phone so I could be the first to use my VIP account to order it. My family and I go regularly to Disney and we have a collection of Disney items in our house, including the LEGO Cinderella Castle. The build is fairly standard with nothing too complicated, and has some amazing Disney touches and Easter eggs for Disney fans to notice. My only hope is that the partnership with LEGO and Disney continues and we get more and more amazing Parks-related products.
As someone who grew up with a LEGO city in their basement and cobbled together their own makeshift LEGO Disney World, every time I see one of these actual Disney sets, I get immediately nostalgic for my younger self who would have gone crazy for a set like this.

This set is really a tale of the two parts. The train was a relatively easy build, with lots of nice little details. It comes with a good starter track and I had no issues setting up the app on my iPhone and getting the power pack connected via bluetooth. (As an aside, in an era where LEGO is becoming more environmentally conscious, I'm not sure I love a battery-powered train controlled by a cell phone, but I will say that I was impressed with the technology and my family thought it was great.)

My kids went about playing with the train and characters for hours, with a nice selection of characters that includes special train costume editions of Mickey, Chip, and Dale, Minnie with a cloth dress, and the first ever Goofy! I will point out one minor annoyance: none of the duck characters (Donald, Daisy, Scrooge, the three nephews) that come in other products sit well in a chair like the ones on this train. I imagine that's why none of them came with the set. This was frustrating for small children trying to load the train. You can, of course, show them how to remove their "butt feathers" and then they sit fine. I will, however, warn all parents of small children that if you use the phrase "butt feathers," get ready for three hours of giggling as they take them off and on, see how Mickey likes them, throw them from the train, etc.

As the kids played, I built the station, which was somewhat tedious in parts, especially the brick walls. Be prepared for several steps where you're laying alternating patterns that aren't very exciting, despite the designers best efforts to mix things up. In the end though, the station is rich with detail that matches the real station in Disneyland and will bring much joy to Disney fans, from the replica trash can to the model trains and photographs. At the very end, there is a nice homage to the castle set that anyone who has built that set will appreciate.

I can only hope that the Monorail sticker was a hint of what's to come next and that LEGO will try their hand at actual attractions and rides in the future. I'm very excited to see where this partnership goes.

(P.S. Two very minor errors in this set: One was an error in a manual picture most people won't notice early on building the engine and another was the wrong piece when building one of the tiny model trains. There is a single circle piece that should be black, but two brown ones are included in the bag for that step. Good news, there is a spare black from a prior step.)
Overall my family enjoyed the build and the appearance of the train. It has a lot of really cool details in it and really captures some of the charm of a Disney park.

With the good, there is a fair bit of bad. I have most of the fairground type rides that Lego has produced and have powered them up using power functions. This week we set everything out together. I had the Ferris Wheel, Fairground Mixer and Carousel all hooked up to 1 Power Functions battery box and the train with a fresh set of battery. We fired them all up and 20 minutes later the 3 rides on power functions were still going strong while the Disney Train was dead. Reading reviews of the hub it appears that 10-25 minutes is the battery life...that is crazy for a device that requires 6 AAA batteries. With that short of a life it should have come with a rechargeable battery.
Lovely product but too quick to build. Train seems out of proportion to the carriages. Great sound effects but so not worth the hefty price tag.
Absolutely love this set so far. It was a fairly easy build and I completed it over two nights a few hours each night. The first night I built the train and the second night the station. The characters that came with the set are nice and it was fun to get Goofy with this one. All the little details are there to remind you of the rain and station at Disneyland. 

I set this up under our Christmas tree and the next morning my 5yo daughter couldn’t wait for me to show her how it worked. She’s constantly wanting my phone to start up the train and play the various sounds. 

While the Disney tax is in full effect with the price of the set, I’m still glad I bought it for the all the reasons mentioned above. Looking forward to seeing if we can get a Monorail set in the future or other Disney locales.
I don't mind shelling out 300 quid for a quality build, but this just was not it. I am missing FIVE pieces and the stickers for the carpet do not match up. This kit should have been soooo much fun to build, yet it ended up being frustrating. I do look forward to seeing it fully together when the replacement parts come in.
This won't put me off from buying another expensive set, but I just hope that it will be pure fun the next time. I love Disney, and I hope you get out some more big builds
I’ve always wanted my own train set growing up and when I saw this set I was excited to give it a try. Putting it together was a lot of fun, wasn’t at all challenging for me. My daughter is too young to play with LEGO, but I look forward to rebuilding this set with her when she is older. Next I’ll try the Disney Castle.
I love this set, I am a massive lego fan and also a disney fan. I have the castle and the fairground expert builder rides. We make a display every Christmas of all the rides and the sets of the winter village that I have, so I thought this would be a perfect addition to the display and I am not disappointed. I love that you can control from your phone. Only disappointment with the app is that you can't then go into camera mode to video it going round with the sounds, as soon as you minimise the app, it stops. But this is not a major deal breaker as we have other ways of videoing this. I can wait to get all the other rides, castles and winter buildings out to see this as part of the display.

Only 2 slight issues. One with the stickers, the long 3 part sticker, has a mismatch in the colouring. I think the sticker numbers were 12. They are both the same way round, but to complete the pattern properly with the middle sticker, one of the '12' stickers should have been printed around the other way. I think another reviewer has already mentioned this and displayed a photo.

Also a slight confusion over the wheels in the engine. In the instructions is shows you needing 6 wheels, but in fact you only use 4. I thought I had missed a step but on checking every picture and going back numerous times through the instructions manual I can see they are not needed, so no idea why they were supplied.

Thanks lego and I hope you continue to add more to this theme
This train uses the new Power Up system and whereas all my other Lego trains have a controller this does not and you are supposed to use a Mobile Phone - if it connects. 
Mine will not connect so it just sits there

How to make a good product worse by technology
The app is really simple to use to get the train moving. This is a great set that will go so well around the base of the Christmas tree.
I do not like the powered up app at all. You can barely control the train. Even at the lowest setting it takes off way too fast - any faster, and it will fall off the small loop of track. We have many other Lego trains with the power function controllers where you can really control the speed. With this set you cannot slowly back up and add the cars - very disappointing. Also very disappointed with the crude map of Disneyland and I expected more from the music - I thought there would be at least a few different songs from the Disneyland park. Maybe I will try to install our old power functions. The station itself is very well done.
Awesome LEGO set to build with my child...very detailed!
I agree this set has a lot of stickers, but take this tip from a model builder. Use tweezers to attach them, it will save you a lot of heart ache. I have wanted a lego train forever and just never saw one that I felt was really worth the money, this one checked every box for me and is awesome around a Christmas Tree. Great sort of the parts, this is easy to build some and walk away, when you come back it doesn’t take forever to get caught up. The power up app is super fun and it is a total shelf queen. Awesome look to it once built.
I Bought this for my wife as an early anniversary gift because of the “lockdown” as she is a mega Disney fan. We have only too criticism the price is to high for what you get and some of the bricks that already have stickers on them don’t match up and a few of the bricks are the wrong colour.
Being a big Disney & Lego fan this was a must to go with the Castle & Steamboat.
Some flaws with the stickers so don’t expect a perfect finish. Also disappointed there are no instructions on how to link up with smart device. Relatively quick build which was disappointing for the price point, but looks good. 
Looking forward to getting the train moving when I work out how to connect...
I bought this because it reminds me of Main Street USA and riding the train while visiting WDW. I absolutely love the app that makes the train run. Playing the music in background and being able to ring the bell, etc. I enjoyed putting it together.
I enjoyed building the Disney station and train, very cute details but there are so many stickers, 52 in all. There should definitely be more printed pieces (only 2 provided) and minifigures especially for this price. Build is pretty basic, I mostly enjoyed seeing the vibrant colors and minifigures.
I decided on a whim that I wanted to build something Lego, so I purchased this castle! It was awesome. It took me a few hours each day for a week to complete; then I ordered a lighting kit for it, wired it, and then my brother-in-law made me a rotating stand so each side could be seen! I would definitely recommend this build!
First of all I would like to thank you lego team for creating this beauty. It’s totally epic. I wouldn’t mind micro scale as long as the design and aesthetics is there. Being micro scale didn’t put me off on owning the priciest lego purchase I’ve ever made...so far. Have to save up for months. The play feature is limited for kids under 10 because of the scale. Handling the micro figure is a bit of a work too. But here come the kids where they come handy. It took us that many days (3 hours/day approximately) to complete it. They love building it specially the stained window...that’s so cool. This Christmas my kids decided to add a Christmas spirit by building lego set 40338 The Christmas tree and placed it in the foreground of the castle. It looks wonderful. Also it looks like Santa dropped off some presents too to the nice kids of Hogwarts school. Sorry Malfoy.
I own several pieces as you can probably tell from the picture, but this was the most enjoyable. After the Death Star I thought they couldn't top it. This set is both great for Potter or Lego die hards. Absolutely recommend.
This is by far the most detailed set I have ever built. Many of the build techniques used in this set are brilliant. The stained glass effect works great and the outer details, including all of the rocks on the base work very well. This is one where you build it and find a place in your home for it to be viewed for a long time.

There are more stickers than I would like, but the amount of story detail that they provide are impressive. This set pulls from elements from all chapters of the series. 

If you light this set up, it truly becomes magical and the details really shine. 

This is my favorite lego set by far.
Spending £350 on what a lot of friends and relatives call 'a lump of plastic' was a daunting prospect, but as soon as I saw this set, I knew I had to VIP up and get it, and I'm so glad I did. The level of detail is unprecedented, and creating each little diorama adds to the excitement as the build progresses. I love that Devil's Snare is hidden 'in the depths of the castle' and isn't actually visible intil you pull the two halves apart. The tiny details, such as Tom Riddle's Diary on the floor of the Chamber of Secreats, or the Philosopher's stone at the foot of the mirror of Erised just adds to the overall sense of skill and dedication from the designers. 
This is microfig scale, and that is to the model's benefit. Having the set as Minifig scale would have made it unweildly and distressingly expensive. This isn't a playset, it's a model to be created and admired.
This is by far one of the best sets I’ve ever built. It has a lot of amazing detailing with almost no repetition. The price for the amount of pieces was amazing, also considering it’s Harry Potter. 

I love how it was one bag per section, with likely not more than 200 pieces per bag, meaning you didn’t have to search through hundreds of pieces just to find the right one. 

Some of the detailing was impressive, like the stained glass windows and the towers as well as all of the arches.

This set was definitely a great investment.
By far the best and most fun LEGO set I have ever built. The level of detail is so impressive and the fact that they managed to flawlessly include so many scenes from all the books makes it so great! My fiancée and I spent 2 days building this massive castle and loved every minute of it. Be prepared for lots of “oooohs” and “ahhhhs” when people see it In person.
I must say Lego Avada Kedavraed the you know what outta this set! I haven't built lego since I was a child but saw a friend building this and had to buy it. This thing is so awesome and so much fun that it got me back into building and now collecting! Great job Lego
Bought this as a father daughter build. I am to old for Harry Potter but all three of my kids love it so that was my in. The second in was the sheer size of it! So my youngest and I got to build something she really liked and I was able to help her build the second largest set made.
Build time was a good three days off and on. Extreme detail throughout and she plays with the completed castle as well. Lots of very unique details especially the way the stained glass was designed.
It was an awesome time getting to build with her and having fun. Thanks LEGO!!
The Hogwarts castle is an amazing set, it was much bigger than expected. The extirior design is incredible and the interior is even better. Each diorama brings movie/book scenes to life in a way that makes you want to hop on your couch and read the whole seiries over and over agian. also for every one who is wondering, there is a devil snare room it is just hidden between the two pieces of the castle.
It's about 8 months worth of saving a little here & there and we don't usually blow $400 on a toy. It is worth it! It's a family toy, from my 7 year-old daughter to my 40-some husband!
Harry Potter is such a big part of my life that i just knew I needed this soon or later! And what a journey as been, putting this set together
Every detail, every scene represented, pure gold!
I'm so happy and can't believe I have this beautiful piece at home!
Now i'm just sad that it's over!
My sister, close friend and I went thirds on the castle given the cost. 
We all agree it was definitely worth it. 
The detail is amazing. Took about 45 person hours to complete. 
We were missing one piece a single flat 1 x 4 cream piece. We replaced it with 4 single square we had in spares. But given the number of overall pieces we thought it was amazing more weren't missing. Love it!
Revived this as a Christmas present from my husband. I'm a huge HP fan. Never really owned my own lego set as I just typically help my 5 year okd daughter build her sets, but so happy to have this. The details on each section are amazing. 
As each section began to take form, I got more and more ezcited. Such a wonderful experience building this. I'll now add more to the start of my HP collection!
I received this set as a gift from my family for my 38th birthday... combining my two childish joys -- LEGO and Harry Potter. 

The set is incredibly detailed and at the piece count and price, it's pretty maxed out in terms of what could be included, but I felt myself missing some of the other iconic elements of the castle like the Astronomy Tower and Central/Bell Tower complex.

I had such a fun time with the build I decided to try my first ever mod. So far, using elements from a second of the same set and the Big Ben set, I've made some progress extending the castle. Some elements and sizing haven't worked, so I'll be tearing it down and trying again, but it's been one of the most rewarding LEGO experiences I've ever had.
I am a huge LEGO and Harry Potter fan, so I had to get the Hogwarts Castle. I was very pleased with how the castle was turning out. As I was approaching the end of my build, my anticipation grew. That was until I got to page 86 (book 4, bag 32, step 218). The page was followed by page 103 (book4, step 253). The book was missing instructions for bags 32-33. Bags 32-33 themselves were mismarked and had wrong pieces in the bags.
I wouldn’t recommend this if the mismarked bags and missing pages are a problem with all Hogwarts castles.
Bought this for a birthday gift from the whole family for my 13 year old daughter .She built it over 2 days ..14 and a half hours in total. Very easy to build but some parts are fiddly. However some bricks were slightly bents in the packets and do not sit flat once built. Even with the whole weight of the castle this has not sorted out the problem. Apart from that its ok. 
Not very easy to play with as there is not a lot of room for your hand to fit inside so tiny bits keep pinging off.
I have put a battery opetated tea light in the great hall at night yo show off the stain glass windows.
So excited about this and it was worth the wait. Absolutely beautiful! I bought all the other Harry Potter sets to make a Hogwarts scene in my Lego room. 
Here’s the coolest thing; I’ve done almost all Lego sets over 1000 pieces and most of the smaller ones. This is the first time I’ve had a brick in 2 colors (see pics)! The red isn’t all red. I love The abnormality!
The detail in this set is amazing! It was a lot of fun to build and every new bit I built reminded me of scenes from all the films which I love! The stained glass windows were such a fun idea and look so pretty. I got this set as a birthday present and I haven’t done any Lego since I was a kid but I’m a big Harry Potter fan so I was very excited to receive this. Took me about 25 hours over 3 days just sat watching movies. I liked that the pieces were separated into manageable bags which meant that I didn’t have to cover the whole house in Lego while putting it together and I also like that the castle is built in two sections so that it is easier to move and if you wanted to do it with a friend you could build a half each which is a nice idea. Definitely want to get back into Lego after this- best present ever!
It is fun. I love the details of this Hogwarts castle.
I absolutely LOVE this set. There are so many tiny details from the books/movies that just bring back memories, such as having the words on the wall from the Chamber of Secrets or including all the challenges from book one (devil's snare, wizard's chess, room of flying keys) and even the rules on the wall by the great Hall that Umbridge posted. It is definitely worth the money and the time it takes to build it.
As soon as I found out about this set, I knew i had to have it. I don't usually go in for these huge sets as the price is a little off putting its its truly worth every penny!! 

So many little details are included that are mind blowing for the scale, the scale is a bit of a downside but if it were mini-fig scale I'm sure it would be twice the size and twice the cost haha. 

The thing that is truly magical about this set, is that it included memorable and key locations from the entire series its almost like you are reliving the story all over again.

I decided to add a few LED tea lights to the great hall too add a bit more character as a display piece.
I purchased this set mainly for me but my 5 year old (who typically does the 8-14 year old builds solo) wanted to help. We spent every evening for a week working on it, and in the end it was pretty fantastic. This one is staying put together for a looooong time
Lots of tiny pieces! It was fun watching each section become a scene from the books and movies! Would recommend a table display as it does not fit traditional book self displays. Would buy and build again!
This is my first ever lego build, and i found it extremely fun. The one thing i did struggle was with my depth perception, there were certain pictures that had the foreground looking closer, or level with higher structures and it threw me off in a couple places (maybe make the foreground black n white?), but i didn't struggle at all on the actual building, really. Everything was straight forward and i found it to be really enjoyable and easy to read/follow along. The first half of the castle took the longest, i believe that alone took me 70% of the time, the second half flew by it seemed, only taking me a couple days. Nothing was overly repetitive. Absolutely stunning and i'm so blessed to have been able to afford it and have it for my viewing pleasures.
cant finish because booklet goes from page 50 to 35 then 67 so I am missing 8 pages of building instructions. pages 35 to 50 are doubles so frustrating
Our granddaughter loves Legos. She saw the Harry Potter castle and loved it. We purchased it for her for Christmas and for five days after school here and there on the weekend she assembled the entire castle. We were amazed by the detail of the castle. She enjoyed building it and we enjoyed watching it be built. She is 11 years old and completed this whole castle on her own.
This is the largest LEGO that I’ve done to date. I am amazed at the level of detail that was put into designing this set.
Despite how expensive the price tag is, it's totally worth it and I do not regret my decision to save up and buy this set in the very least. I thought that it being a micro scale set would make it not as good, but boy was I wrong! It is the largest set I own as of right now, it was so big that I had to go out and buy a whole new desk just for this set. I definitely would recommend this set to any Potterhead and LEGO fan, you will be immensely impressed (sorry for my poor quality pictures).
This set is a must for any Harry Potter fan! So many amazing details throughout the entire build. They really captured bits and pieces from the entire series. Yes it is a micro scale, but honestly that helps make the piece easier to display. I shared the finished build on my Facebook, and had several friends inquiring about where they could buy it from to build for themselves. I am unfortunately missing a cape for one figure (got a second sticker sheet instead), the cape is currently on back order, but hoping to get it resolved soon!
I really enjoyed building this set (my biggest to date) and had no issues as usual with instructions or pieces. Tons of stickers but I’m getting used to them, My only complaint are the microfigures. Imo they are absolutely useless. So when I say a showpiece, that’s basically all it is. I am an adult but buy my gloves in the kids section & still had trouble getting these microfigures into place. I feel there is absolutely no playability to this set. I would have rather spent a few hundred more for bigger rooms and minifigures. I ended up buying a few mini figures just to add to the set as what is a Hogwarts Castle without Harry Potter! If you’re looking for a showpiece only this is definitely the set. It is absolutely gorgeous & I love the detail of the rooms. I will be looking at adding some lighting to really show it off properly. I love this set despite the microfigures. Lego, please these are just useless!!! I would recommend this set but with the warning of the microfigures.
I'm longtime Lego fan and own multiple sets but never wrote any review until this one. Because I have to put my joy and gratitude for Lego in writing. 

To say that I grew up with Harry Potter would not be an exaggeration of any degree. As a young boy, I dreamed of seeing an owl outside my window with an admission letter to Hogwarts. I dreamed of having my own wand and flying on a broomstick. And I dreamed of living and studying magic in the castle of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And today, Lego made my dream come true. 

What an incredible set this is! The details designer Justin Ramsden put into this set is commendable. Like he explained in the Designer Video, one really builds the set as if one's visiting the castle for the first time. Starting with the dock, then the Great Hall, then the moving staircases, and deeper and deeper into the castle. The miniature representation of key locations and events from the books are all very nicely selected. Building the set is like reliving all the adventures that happened in this magical place. 

I built this set while first listening to the soundtrack of the Philosopher's Stone, then with the movie the Chamber of Secrets in the background, and finally finished with the audio book of the Prisoner of Azkaban. It was a fantastic combination and I encourage you to do something similar.

Once again, thank you Justin and Lego for creating this set! Owning and building this set is definitely the highlight of my year so far.
I am a huge Harry Potter fan, having grown up with the books and then the movies. I bought this set because it seemed more geared to an older audience. I assumed it would take 5 or 6 hours as I have not built many sets. It took almost 24 hours to build and was worth every minute.
The detail in the model is amazing and there are so many references to the books and movies in the display. It will be a great display piece in my theater room.
I would recommend this set to anyone!
Great build looks awsome ,not to repetitive and I'm not even a harry potter fan
Well well Lego, you did it, you brought to life one of the most amazing set I ever built!

I told myself: "Why did I buy it, why why why?" but then, the more I completed of it, the more I was "Oh Merlin Beard!" and was astonished by the details of the architecture and the little hidden extra behind the castle.
This castle has two faces: the building and the life inside when you rotate it (or walk behind)! The little figurines make it more lively and now Harry, Ron and Hermione are chatting in the court!

The little addition of the Whomping Willow and Hagrid's Hut are really funny additions, although the boats are not that interesting :D !.... One of my friend told me "Why isn't there stickers for Umbrage's kittens? Yes, whyyyyy? 

There is absolutely no negative points! .... Only two little questions:
- Why the entrance of the chamber of secret is so far off the chamber ;) ?
- Where is the Slytherin dungeon????? And why Gryffindor is not in the big tower when Dumbledore's office is not in it in the movies/books but in the Lego :D ? ... Well, I am super happy nonetheless and these little details makes it more awesome!

Anyway, thanks thanks thanks! ... Although one missing piece for the whole set, but fortunately not visible unless you look for it! It is really huge and you can move it easily as the two parts are not hard-connected.
This is the first Harry Potter set I have bought, though not the first very large set. As a lifelong fan of both the books and LEGO, I had to go to the LEGO store and grab this set the first day it came out!

I built this over the course of 6 days (didn’t want it all to be over with too quick) and thoroughly enjoyed all the little details that were crammed into this huge set! It’s remarkable how many different things a 1x1 smooth plate can represent. It would be fun to have a few more tiny stickers to make what things are a bit more obvious. 

The stained glass windows are beautiful! Now I’m trying to work up a way to light the interior so light will sparkle through the windows to the outside.

The microfigures are cool, but it’s a bit hard to tell who’s who. In any case, the variety is great and now I can set up many of my favorite scenes from the books!

My most favorite element: the tiny flying Ford Anglia, built using only four pieces! And it fits so easily into the branches of the Whomping Willow. Delightful.

I love this set. 100% worth the cost.
Absolutely phenomenal build! Relatively advanced, definately earns it's 16+ recommendation. Beautifully designed! So much intricate detail and fun Easter eggs for fans.
This is such a detailed model with so many hidden features. Great fun to build and would recommend to any Lego fan, especially those also a fan of Harry Potter!
Harry Potter fan and LEGO lover. This is my favorite LEGO set by far. It takes a while to build but it is totally worth every second. Never taking this set apart.
I bought this for myself as I'm a massive Harry potter fan and wow was it worth it!! The tiny details are amazing!! It just looks spectacular aswell! 

I'd been told by one of the guys working in the Liverpool Lego shop that it should take 20 hours to build, but I smashed that time! 

If you're a Harry potter and Lego fan this is definitely not one to be missed!!
Love this set. Amazing details and Easter eggs. Incredible building experience. Hours of building fun. And a great set for display.
Built with my 8 year old granddaughter over the week and was great to see her on a difficult set.Working as a team made the building experience better than building alone especially as she knows the story better than me.Once built it looks absolutely amazing especially the stained glass effect in the windows plus the rock work that it all sits on.Would recommend this set to all as you will love building and showing it off
As for the price I think it’s worth every penny for 6000 plus pieces
Now can we have a Hogwarts Train and Station UCS please my granddaughter as asked
This is honestly my favourite Lego set ever! It combines two of my favourite things in this beautiful detailed build. I preordered it with the VIP early access as soon as it came out and have had zero regrets. Definitely a must have for any Lego and Harry Potter fan! I recently finished adding a lighting kit to mine! Way to go on this one Lego!!! :)
Was skeptical about purchasing, mainly due to the seemingly high price. That being said, this set was amazing and exciting from the second it arrived. It took me nearly two days to complete and I enjoyed every second of it! Not only was the build time a big indicator for value, but the incredible attention to detail made me stop every so often and just admire individual rooms, functional objects, or even just awe at how far the project was getting along. 100% recommend!
Super fun build! I love the level of detail and the different rooms included in the set. If anything, I want even more! Here's hoping they give us a same-scale quidditch pitch, Hogsmeade, and Diagon Alley! Would highly recommend! A difficult build with a lot of ingenious features but definitely worth it!
I had so much fun building this set! I am not the biggest HP fan (watched the movies but not read the books), yet I felt the familiarity from all the series on this set. It was not a very complicated set (some can be confusing but I have not build a set for years). I personally love the spinning stairs and how cool the dragon is. 

I felt such an accomplishment and now my kids are playing pretend with it on daily basis.

P/S: I felt this set is good value for money considering I paid twice for the Millenium Falcon that has only 1000 extra pieces.
I was really doubting wether or not to buy this. It seemed like a lot of money for "just a LEGO set". But I bought it anyways, and WOW!! It looks so majestic. Building it was awesome, and the finished result even better. 
I had the Harry Potter movie soundtracks playing in the background while building, and the experience was, well, magic. (<-- See what I did there?) It was so fun to discover all the hidden Easter eggs, and small details. All of the building techniques were creative and clever. I did a few mistakes, too be honest, which I luckily caught in time. 
The castle looks so cool from any angle, and I don't regret buying it at all. This set perfectly summarizes my childhood: Harry Potter and LEGO. It's the ultimate set. Get this if you can! It's a conversation starter for sure!
This was the first Lego set I have ever bought for myself but after seeing the photos of the details and effort that had gone into this Lego set and as a huge Harry Potter fan, I just had to buy it. With the help of my boys who are good at building Lego I soon learnt just how easy it was to build and in just over 1 day, my Hogwarts Lego Castle was built and on display. It is a truly stunning piece. Well done Lego.
My wife and I are both Lego and Harry Potter fan so this was a must. Yes it’s not cheap but it’s worth it. We love it .
So glad we brought this it is a fantastic set. Hubby has just spent the last couple of days building it.When we first saw the micro figures could not believe how small they were.But totally work when it is finished.
Well done Lego really pleased. Looking forward to a extension in the future .Well worth the money.Will be staying made up that’s for sure.
A genuinely enjoyable experience, and once it all starts coming together it’s a very rewarding build with tonnes of detail.
I was really pleased with this set. I thought that it would be a repetitive build but it really wasn’t. The way it was built meant that you build the gatehouse then the courtyard then the great hall. It gives you a great display model or if seriously want to you could take it down from your shelf and make a role play using the micro figures. My only problem is that the micro figures are way to oversize for the scale. They seem to tower over everything but if they are placed right they can look amazing. Thank you Lego for amazing replica of Hogwarts Castle.
Really good fun to build. So much detail included. Would highly recommend
The size of this castle is phenomenal. It is truly a breathtaking model. A lot of people on social media critize this build due to its "micro" figure scale as opposed to the traditional "mini" figure scale. 

I don't see this as a drawback. I enjoy building something a little different. Having purchased every HP lego since the 2000s ones I've seen sets like the great hall evolve from a paper roof to this truly breathtaking build. 

The details are stunning. There are fun unique pieces in the set as well. The build was fun, and not at all tedious for the 6000+ piece build unlike some other larger sets (the london bridge, some of the modulars etc) which become a bit repetitive.

My only criticism is stickers. I hate stickers in lego sets. I understand that its a cost saving measure for sure, but I feel like any set over 200$ should have printed pieces. I'd even be willing to pay a bit more. Over time these stickers will fail and I was almost tempted to not put them on this set. Stickers have begun failing my earlier harry potter sets whenever we rebuild them. There were A LOT of stickers in this set too, but its a small criticism. 

at 6020 pieces and 399$ this set greatly surpasses my general 10 cents a piece rule when it comes to legos. Truly a huge value for what you're getting. It's one of the most competitively priced "Collectors" Sets out there.

Amazing!
Not a huge fan of the harry potter series but LOVE the architectures of the castle and other buildings.
I am not really one to spend this much on 1 LEGO set and this lets me know why i do not! 
missing one roof tile piece,but given two tower pieces in placement of that brick and one Dementor missing. Not many pieces missing but main pieces missing just makes me wonder if prices are going up while quality is going down. 

Its a great set overall and display piece but 2 pieces missing is too many for me.
This was my second Lego set I’ve built so I was expecting it to take me a while. I managed to build it in just under 2 weeks roughly doing an hour or 2 a day. 

I loved the way the pieces were put into seperate numbered bags which made it easy to keep organised. 

The detail in the castle is incredible! I loved putting together the different classrooms and adding the stickers and characters. I really enjoyed putting this set together and can’t wait to start building more!
Although a little bit pricey, it's the perfect model for a Harry Potter fan! I kinda hoped that it included the astronomy tower, but the rest of it is everything we ever wanted out of a Hogwarts made of Lego
I am a huge Harry Potter fan and by far this is the most beautiful and coolest lego set I have ever seen. 

My husband and I took approximately 35 hours to build it. It was a great bonding experience and a walk down the memory lane for me when I used to immerse myself into the world of the magic.

The architecture of the castle is extremely well designed and this set contains a key element from each Harry Potter series. 

WE love the set and hence; it became the centre piece of all the lego projects we build together.
This was my first time ever building anything with Lego, my house was a Barbie house growing up so this was a totally new experience for me. 

I loved it. Took me a lot longer than it should have but it was completely worth it. 

I kept a note sheet of what I liked and didn't like about the build.

Cons:
The stickers- would prefer painted bricks
The chamber of secrets door not actually opening
Great hall doors not being stickered front and back
Great Hall middle top tower is not very stable- weird build
THE BRIDGE DOES NOT LINE UP -why does the bridge not line up???

Pros
Details 
Hidden pops of colors add magic
Instructions broken down into 4 books- LOVED 
LOVE that the founders have different wands
Beautiful end result
Very smart design. Excellent build. Very challenging !! Looks amazing
I was really excited when I heard this was coming out. I’m a huge Harry Potter fan. I haven’t really built with LEGOs since I was a child. This set is challenging and exciting to put together. I enjoyed every moment.
Took my boyfriend and I a whole weekend to build. Almost perfectly in the time it took to watch all 8 Harry Potter films and Fantatstic Beasts. 
The attention to detail is fantastic, particularly loved the stained glass windows and the potions classroom! 
The castle looks great displayed in our living room and is easily brought down in its 2 pieces to use the open back of it. 
Had so much fun building it and people keep commenting how impressive it looks displayed, would recommend to any HP fan of any age.
Im a huge harry potter fan with a huge collection , i have never built lego but as soon as i saw this i needed to have it !!! My partner suprised me and purchased it for me, was a little nervous having never touched lego before but once i started there was no stopping me , i enjoyed every second of this build , i had 1 piece missing but contacted lego and it was sent very quick.. it looks amazing the detail is fantastic !
We are a family of dedicated Harry Potter fans and own all the Lego HP sets produced to date. I received this as a gift and recently used the downtime between Christmas and New Years to complete the build.

This is a challenging build primarily due to the microscale nature that requires a lot of small pieces. The detail is not short-changed, though, as the designers obviously went to great lengths to recreate all the magical moments they could and make the scenes pop with color & variety. I think my favorite little touch is the use of the minifigure paintbrush that becomes the broom in the room of winged keys from book 1. 

I would have liked to see a little more detail in a few of the areas such as Umbridge's office. It also would be nice to have had a microscale Quidditch pitch for the grounds area given how big of a role it plays in the books. Perhaps that can be released as an add-on in a similar fashion to the microscale Diagon Alley.

Overall, I'm really pleased with the set and enjoyed building it. I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the series. This one will be going on display in our HP themed bonus room and will surely serve as a favorite focal & talking point for visitors.
I bought this set for my wife to build. She really liked it and was very pleased with the amount of detail they managed to fit in to this build. I'm not a Potter fan but think the set was good value for money and looks great when built. My daughter (age 26) was home for the bank holiday weekend so helped with the build, they built have each. She was more excited than my wife. I would recommend this kit to lego fans as it looks a nice big build but mainly Potter fans. Well done Lego on another great set.
This is a beautiful piece of architecture, but its not a toy and should be branded and marketed AS such. If i'd known this was going to be a different scale to all the other Creater level sets, i'd never have bought it. I have only a passing interest in Harry Potter so this must be so much worse for a fan who gets it, spends hours or days building it, to realise they can't even play with it because of the size of the figures. I've seen the Lego replies about why this is the case, but none the less, for this price, it should be made clear that its just something you build then look at!. what a real shame.
I found this set the best Harry Potter set ever released I loved every minute of building it I finished it in three days that’s the quickest I have ever finished a big lego model I would like to thank Justin Ramsden and his team of designers and the lego store Stratford from where I bought it from a big thank you for your support and keep inspiring everyone
I love the detail that the micro scale allows! My wife and i had a great time building this together and it looks amazing on display!
The set is just great. Of course microfigs aren't as cool as minifigs, and it was hard to get who is who, but the castle is gorgeous and it is a central piece in my HP Lego collection.
So much detail went into this castle. Some of the colors are misrepresented in the instructions, but with a little deductive reasoning, we were able to finish the castle with only a few minor setbacks. This set was by far the funnest LEGO set we have ever worked on. We look forward to taking it apart some day just so we can put it back together again. In the mean time, we have it displayed in front of mirrors so every detail can be seen without moving it.
Always dreamed of making this Lego set and it was a dream come true! Love the way they fitted in all the different moments from Harry Potter in the style of lego!
From the moment this monster sized box arrived, our household was excited with anticipation to begin. Working as a team, over five days, we assembled this monumental structure from the ground up, literally. The unique pivoting rooms, iconic Hogwarts dining hall, the guarded Chamber of Secrets, to the riveted walls, steeples, dragons and much more. Each detail elegantly revisiting the Potter series with fun and amusing reminders. Now on display in our home, and still played with of course, we can honestly say, if you are not a Harry Potter Fan, building this castle will make you one.
I took my time building it the first time around, and then I immediately took it apart so that I could build it again! At every stage, there is something interesting to build. As a Harry Potter fan, I loved all the little details, especially on this scale. As a Lego fan, it was so great to build. I have it displayed with the exterior of the castle facing the room, and I've added battery lights inside the castle to light up the magnificent windows.
This set was a Christmas Present and I am 13 years old! I literally binge built for 21 hours over 2 days. This is an ultimate collectors set and I loved building it! 2 thumbs up!
Such an incredible build. Took me 19 hours to complete. I really enjoyed putting this together and seeing all the rooms come alive!
Excellent set with many details and cool surprises :)

We really enjoyed this build!
This is all about the building, minifigs or micro figs are irrelevant. Lego simply couldn't have done this in system scale and me and my kids are forever grateful for Lego being brave and making this set (I guess Lego would be in Gryffindor).
The attention to detail, depth of thought, and passion of the designers make this a must own for Harry Potter fans who love LEGO as well. If you haven’t, go watch the video that details the designers of this set as there are many hidden gems, literal and metaphorical alike. 

I am puzzled by some of the reviews I am aseeing online criticizing this being a Microfig scale set. A minifig scale set with this level of detail would be untenable, and hugely cost prohibitive. This is perfect.
This Hogwarts castle is awesome! The building experience was challenging at times, but so much fun. The details and design are fantastic and if you have a place to put this, love legos and Harry Potter, this is definitely a must have. Very impressive product, worth every penny.
To be blunt, this was a set I waffled on for a bit. While I love Harry Potter and LEGO both, it was hard to justify 400 dollars on a micro-fig set like this. 

Having said that...

This set was probably my favorite to put together. While I did end up missing 2 pieces (Both are already on their way) it was hardly noticeable in the grand scheme. The set overall has an amazing level of detail and thought put into it. I was blown away by the stained glass windows and the tower facing (Anyone who's built the Saturn V kit will know that this particular build technique is incredibly useful). The build time, even solo, shouldn't take you more than a couple of days. I think mine took so long because I ended up live streaming the build and had to stop to talk and such. The pieces on average will be tiny, but it is micro scale so that's expected. The four separate instruction books make it easy to keep track of where you are at, no closing the book and wondering exactly where you were.

My only big complaints are minor. The scale means pushing those tiny pieces together can start to wear on your finger tips after hours of building. Some of the rooms are not placed exactly right based on the movies and the book descriptions, but this is a LEGO set, not a magical castle (sadly). And the micro-figs feel a bit lost in the grand scheme. 

At the end of the day though, this set was a blast to build and it will have a central place in my wedding this December (A Harry Potter themed wedding, so the castle was a 'wedding expense'). 

Overall Recommendation: Buy this set if you're an HP Fan.
As a MASSIVE Potter fan this is the ultimate Lego purchase. Worth the big price tag with how long it took to build. It is visually stunning - absolute credit to the designers of this set, they have absolutely nailed every detail of the castle. The build experience is really good as it's broken down into sections and it isn't repetitive at all - very satisfying connecting the 2 sections together. It looks amazing when completed, I have it up on a shelf with the Hogwarts Express and Quidditch sets next to it an it looks stunning. I have bought many Lego sets in my time but this is by far the best build and the most visually stunning. BUY IT NOW!!
My 9-year-old daughter built this LEGO set with very minimal help from me (less than 30 minutes) over winter break. She wants everyone to know that "this set is amazing." Her previous building experience was the friendship sets as well as a few of the other Harry Potter LEGO sets.
I was initially sceptical about spending so much on a micro figure scale set however after much evaluation, I purchased it. I thoroughly enjoyed building the set and am glad I decided to purchase it.
This was a gift from my son as I am a Harry Potter fan. My son and I built this together and it was a fun project. The detail is amazing from the stained glass windows to the classrooms and dining hall. Great job Lego!
The detail on the outside of the set was really amazing! The architecture in this set was really stunning! The main bridge in this set was awesome, and brought that magical feel! The back bridge, however; I wish went somewhere in the castle, or had a door from the castle. I love all the landscaping, it really ties down the set. I thought it was pretty cool how you start off with the boats (Just like if you were a first year at Hogwarts). It also was cool how you could put one of the boats in the little boat dock. I do wish you could have more people per boat though. Probably my favorite part about this set was the Great Hall. The stained glass effect was really cool! You're Probably wondering why I didn't give 5 stars. Gave it 4 stars overall for these reasons: I thought it was kind of weird how they didn't include a Hagrid microfigure, as they included Hagrid's hut in the set. I felt they also should have included the Quidditch field, as it is in basically all the books. I also kind of felt like they went out of scale on the second half of the castle. They started to include full scale items, when it is supposed to be small scale set. For example: the big cauldron in the Potions class room is much bigger than the figures. The moving staircase should have been its own room, not two ladder looking things. The Chamber of Secrets entrance should have been above the Chamber of Secrets, not on the 3rd floor. I also wish the rooms were a bit longer and taller, so you can use the set better. But overall great set, would highly recommend this set to any Lego fan, and/or Harry Potter fan.
This set is Truly one of the most ever made! I was worried about the price, but i don't regret my decision act all. now all I have to do is find a place big enough to displace this Castle.
When I first saw that this was being released, I knew I had to have it. I joined the VIP club so I could get it before it was released, and I"m so glad I did! After 5 days of furiously building, it is now done. This set is absolutely gorgeous. The buildings have "stained-glass" windows that are stunning. The details are incredible, with many rooms throughout so you can explore. I love the 4 mini-figures of the house founders, and the womping willow is cute. 

There are only 2 things I would call out (not bad things; just things to be aware): 1.) I've seen other instruction manuals that greyed out everything except the parts used in that step. These did not do that and that became frustrating with some of the more intricate sections (there are 4 manuals). 2.) When they say "micro-figures," they mean it! I expected them to be small, but they are so tiny that I can't tell who's who. 

I'd 100% recommend this set for any Harry Potter fan.
This set is the perfect Harry Potter Lego experience. It is expertly detailed and offers the best building experience you will ever get to enjoy. Very difficult, but so rewarding.
This is my first build as an adult, and it was AMAZING! The detail that went into making this set is top notch! I’m going to keep this in my living room for everyone to enjoy! I’m so happy!
This set is so intricately detailed and was so much fun to build. It shipped quickly and made for a very enjoyable and nerdy weekend. Worth every penny I spent!
I have been waiting for a more realistic Hogwarts Castle on par with the Disney Cinderella castle. I was able to express my interest to a Lego Dimensions team member at Celebration of Harry Potter Expo and the castle has arrived! I couldn't be more pleased and this item now sits centrally in my family room. The details and touches are amazing and it was fun to build. If you are a Potter fan and do not own any other HP Lego sets, do invest in this one you will not be disappointed!
I enjoyed this build. At one point though my daughter asked if we could use magic to finish it. The build did take a bit of time, but it wasn't bad. I would recommend this in spite of the price. If you're a Potter fan or enjoy a big Lego set, this castle is for you.
Being a long time Potter fan this was super fun to build! I wish it wouldn’t have ended! This was actually the first LEGO set Ive ever built and it was really easy, just time consuming (which I’m not complaining). The detail is amazing!
This was Ana amazing build. I took longer than usual because I like to take my time. Everything about the castle is amazing. It is a little expensive but definitely worth the price. As a Harry Potter fan I had to buy it.
When I was 5 I received the first Harry Potter book, then the video tape of the first film. Ever since then I’ve been lost in this world of witchcraft and wizardry.

 Dreaming to get my letter when I was younger even to now. I’m in the middle of building this iconic and fantastic set and I’d just like to say a huge thank you to Justin and everyone at Lego, you’ve made my dreams come true!

 Being able to have my very own hogwarts, and experiencing the journey from the boat house to the great hall etc. Is fantastic. 

JK Rowlings Wizarding World is truly the best community to be a part of, and Lego I hope you continue to bring the magical Harry Potter moments to life through your sets!
When this set was first released I had initial qualms about it (I thought wow this set looks amazing but the micro figures - please that is a disgrace, I have no interest in micro figures after all minifies are a main draw to these sets ami right).
anyways after weeks and weeks and weeks of thinking about it I finally broke down and ordered this set as a birthday present to my self last December 2018. 
I was thoroughly entranced and pleasantly surprised by the magic of this masterpiece of a build. there is true magic enlaced into this set.
every step along the way is thoroughly fulfilling and those micro figures fit perfectly into the scale ratio of this set and I couldn't picture it any other way. 
I apologize for my first thoughts and judgement on this set and now learned that I shouldn't be so quick to judge things. 
I give this set a solid 100 percent 
and highly recommend it to any fan of the Harry Potter series.
the only flaw I see in the design is the tiny space left at the crossing bridge that doesn't line up exactly . besides that it is 99.99 percent structurally perfect.

I hope the new summer 2020 set is diagon alley #75978 d2c
I got this set for Christmas (I am nine) and I was so excited its probably my favourite lego set ever at first I fought it was one of those cheesy lego sets but boy was I wrong ! I'd definitely recommend it to other people it was amazing
I got this set as a LEGO expert and it is horrible the characters are not to scale at all and the bridge doesn’t actually line up on each side. I don’t know how the LEGO designers didn’t catch this I have never seen LEGO make such a horrible mistake. My daughter is a big Harry Potter fan I got this set for her but she hated it so much that me and her just broke it down and built our own Hogwarts castle out of the pieces in this set. I would rather get the minifig scale castles and connect them together then get this. The only pro is it comes with a lot of good pieces for building tanks and ww2 Mocs
This set is HUGE, but in a good way! Such and incredible build. It is definitely a set for more experienced builders and you have to pay close attention to the instruction as there are many small parts that need to be placed correctly for the build to fit together. I am a fan of these bigger sets as I am an AFOL and enjoy building sets that take some real time and attention to put together. The engineering of this set is fabulous and some of the techniques and connections are really appreciated. I would recommend 3rd party lighting kit for this set as it really brings it to life if you plan on displaying it. Just another really great set and worth the money. A big pat on the back to TLG and anyone who had a hand in bringing this to market.
I brought this LEGO Set for my son’s 13 th birthday. He thoroughly enjoyed this set, although he likes to build it on the weekend. What he loved about the set is the stained glass window, the basilisk layer, the fact that there is a scene from every movie, and the numerous rooms and endlessness playtime, along with much more features that I cannot list without this review being a essay. What He didn’t appreciate much was that there wasn’t Hagrid microfigure and that’s there was to much stickers. 
He loves this set! I would definitely 
recommend to buy!
Wow! My first ship ever from LEGO and I have been one of those Pirate themed fans for a long time! First off, looks awesome! It's got 2 great masts with 2 smaller ones, the sails are ripped to give it a haunting effect. width of the ship is great with lots of space for items and additional objects. The front mast is an amazing recreation of a real Man O' War ship with a great curved skeletal hull (I believe the first curved hulled ship). Many cannons, not original, however, you are able to then have more, just like a real Man O' War! :D 

Price... Is well-worth the money and I guarantee that it will be a huge price when retired. Although the captain's cabin is not accessible, there is plenty of room for those ghostly looking figs. The characters look incredible with the amount of detail and design of the accessories.

Sadly, it isn't all too good. The main mast's connector (to allow it to fall) is very loose or will become so in the near future, and the front mast becomes tipped very easily. Also, the ship itself is not very moveable and playable when pushing on a non-flat/steady surface, although I do believe this is because of the design of the beautiful hull. Other than that, there are no problems seen by me of the set. As I said, I love the set and will be a great collection and a great set for display, I love it and highly recommend this set for mostly older builders as it is again more for display than playable. Thanks for reading my review, I hope you get this set too! :D

Thanks, Oliver.
Not only is this my first lego pirate ship but my first proper lego set. I thouroughly enjoyed the building process howvwer challenging it was in some places. the end result is a very accurate interpretation of the ghost ship from the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie. I now feel like i need to get myself the Queen Annes Revenge set to recreate the scene from the trailer. I just wish there was more space for people to stand at the ships helm without the sail being in the way.
I have never had this much fun building a Lego set as I have had with this, it was an enormous and fantastic set, love this ship, my only regret was that Lego did not released micro figures to accurately go with the size of the ship! I am hoping Lego will release a regular version of the Silent Mary's crew!
Ok my son got this set for Christmas and lets say it was well worth it. My son (10) got in to trouble a few times and had this set taken away and almost torn apart, but all in all once he got the lego set back he finished it in about 3 days. He did all by himself with very little help from me. This is displayed in my sons room along with a bunch of other big builds.
I love the look of this ship. When built it really is cool to look at. But for goodness sake don't try to touch it!! 

This ship was the most irritating build I have ever put together (and I'm an experienced adult builder) 

There are so many teeny tiny pieces and next to no structural integrity. 
You can't apply the required pressure to clip one area on without bits pinging off and flying accross the room from another.

Lifting it on to a shelf required a half hour re-build as so many bits fell off. If I tried to gently dust it, bits fell off. If the cat so much as farted in the room, bits fell off. 

The skeletal look is ace but creating it sacrificed a lot of what could have held it together better.

There is zero playability in this as you can't touch it without causing damage. The force required to tilt the front upwards would wreck the rest of it. 

Looks great but no fun to build or keep. I will be selling mine as soon as I get round to the chore of dismantling it without losing any precious pieces.
The Silent Mary is overall a great set. It is quite time consuming, but is very rewarding when complete. It is very detailed, especially in the skeleton hull. The ghost minifigures are well designed, but it is helpful to add a sheath for Capitan Salazar's rapier. The new lego book is much improved, since it has a hinge and will not break with use. The set could include more crew for the ship. The bendable hull works very well and is fun to use. The display stands work well to hold it upright and don't take from the beauty of the structure. However, the falling mast feature causes the mast to stick out over the deck and doesn't connect directly above its base. I removed it and attached it to its base on the studs. The captain's quarters is not accessible. The design of a ghost ship hasn't been used by lego before, but they accomplished it well as always. I am happy that it has enough cannons for the whole ship. This set is great for display as well as play along with other lego ships.
This is an awesome build. I really loved putting this set together. The Silent Mary is a great peice to own. It's beautiful. The build itself is great. I love how the builders used the bag numbers to build up to the final product.

The only drawback I have is that this build if very fragile. There are not to many places you can pick up this piece without snapping a piece off and having to put it back together. It's definately not a piece you can play with.

The other thing about this piece is that it is much bigger that it seems on the box.

All in all, I would recommend this to all Lego lovers, especially to those who like pirates.
Pictures do not do this set justice! It must be seen to be appreciated. This thing looks AWESOME! The level of detail here is incredible. 

The build was fun and I stretched it out over a week to enjoy the experience. The collection of minifigs are also excellent and the clear pieces look fantastic! The ghost sharks look amazing! This set isn't really suitable for play--it is definitely a display model. 

The only downside I can think of is the ship doesn't open up to reveal an inside play area (i.e. a Captain's Quarters or some other nautical room). This is a minor complaint. 

This set is well worth the money and is now easily my favorite Lego Set. 

Picture for scale.
I was very pleasantly surprised with this kit overall. Although I would warn people about some of the instructions - when it sometimes says 'x2' you need to create 2 but they need to be mirror copies to ensure that the design is good on both sides of the ship.

Once on its stand you do need to be very careful as its quite large to move around - the front leg in particular was a bit wobbly. Also not sure why the sharks attach in an upside down fashion? It would also have been nice to have a few extra figures - its definitely a ghost ship :)
I really enjoyed building this ship. It took me some time but I enjoyed all the intricate ways the pieces went together. I found it pleasantly challenging. I think I would have enjoyed more figures and maybe access to the captain's quarters but the detail on the ship was amazing. I would like to see more of this size in the future and defiantly more ships. I would enjoy a replica of the uss blueridge or other military ships.
Over the years I have had dozens of Lego sets ranging from the creator buildings to the city line of sets. While my overall favorite series remains the modular buildings, the Silent Mary has taken the title of my favorite Lego set I have ever owned. While the scale is smaller than mini fig size I believe that in this case that helps the set as it enables it to become more detailed and true to life to the actual ship that it is based on; compared to the Black Pearl and Queen Anne’s Revenge that came before it. Definitely worth the price!
This ship is huge! This was my first ever lego big build and now has its pride of place in my pirate themed cabinet/shelving (at the top). Seeing it on display in the Lego store I instantly fell in love with it. 

In the past I missed out on the sets of Black Pearl and Queen Anne's Revenge so I made sure I wasn't going to miss out on this one, so I got to thinking after the Silent Mary was built......are there any plans to create (raise) the Flying Dutchman from the depths?
I really enjoyed this build. It was a relaxing build for the advance LEGO builder. For a child over 5 it could be challenging and an adult should be present to encourage and assist. A young adult would find this fun and semi-challenging. The end product is beautiful and it's currently on display in my living room. I would recommend it to my friends for its uniqueness alone.
This Silence Mary is a quite well-designed broken ship with fun features on them. The size was larger than I expected, currently worrying about where to display. It was fun to discover all the minifigures one by one by opening each small package. 

Some of the parts weren't attached strongly to the ship body. And due to the ship is supported by 3 stands, it is rather a play-set but a display set.

Overall, a fun set to purchase if you are a Pirates of the Caribbean fan or simply a ship lover since this is the only one you can buy directly from Lego.
The concept of a ghost ship is very cool and LEGO did a great job executing it. This is one of the few sets that I think look even better than advertised once you've finished building it. A ship of this scale for $200 is definitely a great deal in my opinion.
I got an early copy of this set and it is absolutely remarkable, the design, building techniques and final visualization once built is truly stunning. I was a huge fan of the haunted house (set 10228), I always am a fan when lego does something they've never done before and in this case a ghost ship. It is however from the new potc film, but I always see lego adding their own touch, even to licenses sets, a charm that no other toy company can acquire. Now onto the set: The ship itself gets the whole ghost and haunted feeling spot on from the underside, to the falling mast, the broken up hull and the crooked, wrecked look on the top. This ship however being this way limits play value to a fraction, this can only be pushed on hard surfaces, obviously pushing to clear stands on carpet just won't work. But as for a display model it is fantastic and quite beautiful. The main feature on lifting the top of the ship upward reminds me of someone opening a mouth to bite into something or in this case another ship, an excellent set as well for a display of a battle amongst a pirate ship. The sharks also steal the show for me, the design is flawless and are truly remarkable pieces. The minifigs are nice I suppose, i mean they fit the character roles but I could care less about them. All in all i'd give this a 9/10 in total, an excellent display piece and well worth your time and funny, I hope this review was helpful and thank you for reading, Cheers!
This set is beyond words. It's a beautiful display piece. I can't help but feel jittery with excitement every time I gaze upon it. It's a large set that's well worth the time and money spent. The exclusive and limited minifigures are cute and cool to look at. The pieces used to make the pirate hunters look ghostly are a treat, and some of the uncommon and rare pieces used to add detail around the ship are wonderful touch! Although it's awkward to hold, making me nervous about dropping it braking it in my hands, that is something easy to ignore considering it's a ship model, not an aircraft nor spacecraft. The ratchet pieces, used to hold the bow up whenever displaying the Silent Mary in the offensive state, are a clever and very effective choice! There are plenty of stories to make with this set, even if some parts easily move in a way that makes you worry at first. Even though it looks fragile, it's a sound build that can be played with on a flat surface as it should! It wonderfully reflects the ship in the movie, and the minifigures add to that! This was an easy build, although I have small hands which made it easier than it may be for other adult males. Regardless of that, it's everything I expected and more! Overall, a fantastic LEGO set! I'm glad I was able to purchase one early as a VIP member! This set makes me wish they had more Pirates of the Caribbean or just LEGO Pirates sets coming out, or at least that they would return the Black Pearl and Queen Anne's Revenge to shelves. I highly recommend this set to fans of Pirates of the Caribbean, fans of LEGO Pirates, fans of sail ships, or even just LEGO collectors!
First of all, I love the POTC series, and I love pirate ships in general, I really want to love this set, I really really do and I hope lego keep making more ships. In fact, I would have LOVED the Silent Mary ship if they used the one from BEFORE it enters the devils triangle and becomes a ghost ship. (like a proper full spanish galleon)

The problem for me, and for a lot of people here it seems, is that the ship, when finished is very fragile. The hull, which, unlike a regular ship, is made of "ribs" this means it has no actual base and instead rely on clear discs to hold the weight. They aren't quite as strong as I would hope and the whole thing tips over in a light breeze. 

The other problem is there is no play value as the entire thing will fall apart without the Kragle treatment. Multiple ribs fell off whenever I try to move it. 

The full RRP, feels a bit high, but I guess LEGO needs to pay Disney so I can sort of understand that. 

The minifigures are great, the ship does look really good and its a nice addition to my fleet of ships.
I'll be honest I was in two minds whether to buy this set, I just thought if I didn't I'd regret it when it gets retired. Plus the ghost sharks are so awesome but they're not worth spending £180 on. 
Once the ship is built it does look ace but it doesn't actually do anything. The space on the deck is very limited and every time you try to move the ships position bricks start falling off. 
If you intend to buy this for display I recommend you look into acquiring a plastic display case to go over it. It's very rickety and fiddly. As soon as a light layer of dust starts to cover it it will be very difficult to remove. 

After building this set I can't really see the point of it. For the price Lego Creator sets are miles better.
I wanted to give this set a great rating. Unfortunately, I can't. It looks amazing, no doubt. However, for the price you pay for it, it has one MAJOR design flaw which I would like to see Lego officially acknowledge:

- The hinges used for the mechanism that raises the bow of the ship don't last a long time. In fact, after little more than a weak, the hinges on my set were no longer able to keep the bow up. The first level of inclination was never able to keep the bow up and the second position wore off very quickly. The weight at the front is just too much.
And my set is on display, it's not played by children. So for children playing with this, I'd imagine that hinge lasting even less.

So, for the looks, it's very nice. For display with the bow down, it's very nice. But for display or play, with the bow up, it's terrible. The design has a serious defect which, personally, I would like Lego to officially release a fix to. I've managed to find a temporary solution but it's ugly and unelegant and given the price one pays for this, not acceptable.
The build is pretty fun with lots of intricate assemblies to make. Once completed, it's a nice representation of a sunken pirate ship. I had to go watch some of the movie trailers to understand why it's constructed the way it is. But after seeing how the ship acts in the movie the kit makes much more sense to me.

The minifigs are excellent. It has a lot of them and they are really very detailed and cool looking.

The downside to the kit is, it's very delicate. You have to be really careful how you handle it so you don't knock parts off it. Even assembly can be difficult and I had to fix parts I knocked off a number of times.

I wouldn't expect this to have much play value for kids. While it's got a lot of great minifigs for them, the kit just won't survive any real handling after it's assembled.

Great looking kit. Fun to assemble. Great minifigs. Not much play value. Probably not best for younger kids.
Awesome set with great features best ghost ship to date. Minifigures are average but serve their purpose well. Having my own custom ship helps with scaling and brings up the display value. If you want to display it to its full potential have it with another ship or boat. This helps make the colours in the ship pop and makes i t look more menacing. The ghost sharks are cool and i'm so glad they went with the 2008 and 2009 designs of the shark so the figures can fit into mouth of the shark. The small boat build is appreciated as i said before it will compliment the Silent Mary well. This is a brilliant display piece defiantly worth the money. (THIS IS NOT A KIDS TOY) kids will eat this up like a cheeseburger it just doesn't have the strength to be pushed around on carpet but on smooth surfaces it will be fine.
In my past I have bought other lego pirate of the caribbean sets and overall I liked them especially the ships like the Black Pearl and queen Anne's revenge. For me this ship is my favorite of all the caribbean sets! Although it first looks like a three year old was playing around and he "made" a ship, when you build it, it is totally the opposite. It makes a statement and is a beautiful display item! 

Thanks, Lynn
The box does not do this justice it took me roughly 5hrs to build with breaks in between. It's easily value for money. One of the best things I've ever built from Lego
When I first built the silent mary, I was surprised at how well the functions worked. The broken down mainmast, the rudder, and most of all the opening feature. The stands are helpful as well. You can still play with the ship but it does sway a little. The minifigures and the accessories are great. and the boat and two ghost sharks are awesome.
I absolutely loved putting this one together. You definitely dont want to be tired and put this thing together. There are many parts and many steps to this build and if you miss one then....well, you know. It stinks to have to go back and find what you missed. The build is so realistic and is challenging for sure. I worked on it for a few hours each evening until I had it done. I really enjoyed the way it was put together, getting to do things that I hadn't experienced like with the masts the way the "ribs" of the boat were put together. It was so cool to set all the "people" around the ship, a couple of them I put up on the masts. I did have 5 pieces missing however but being the Lego nut I am, I just got them out of my stash. There is so much detail on this boat its unreal! The sails look like the real deal as they are partially rotten and appear to be blowing in the breeze while the two sharks are swimming under the boat just waiting for someone to go overboard.I just really enjoyed this build and have gotten a number of compliments from my friends and family. I got hooked on legos once again after breaking my right leg terribly., A woman that I was across from in PT was putting some of the smaller 3 in 1s together and I got to see them when I would wheel by her room. She was released before me and brought a set as a gift to me to do while I healed. Well that was all she wrote....Im hooked once again.....Please get this one and ENJOY!
I have spent more than 12 hours on this very cool set but I have been getting very frustrated by how fragile this set is every time I try move something or place a Lego something falls off or breaks. Overall it looks very cool but be warned it's so delicate that you can even play with it.
This is a very accurate ship, when compared to the movie. I love that the ship lifts up, as if to take on another ship. I could have done with a few more figs or maybe a different shark (hammerhead?) but a good set.

I would recommend getting this set before it retires. We plan on using it as a tourist destination in our LEGO city.
My husband wanted to display the "Silent Mary" in his man cave but did not want to put it together. So my eight-year-old did it. It was a good challenge for her compared to the much smaller kits she had been doing. Happy on both accounts.
The set is really nicely detailed, we actually have it on display as part of our family's Halloween decor, but they really did capture the design on the Spanish galleon and with all the gold accents. A very nice addition to the Black Pearl and the Queen Anne's Revenge.
Based on the box, the Silent Mary looked very small. I was so wrong! This ship is over two feet long, and 1.5 feet tall. It has a few cool functions, but nothing extreme. The detail on this thing was amazing, with lots of gold and green pieces. If you're looking to get this set... do it! You won't regret your purchase.
This is a very nice set to look at when it is put together, but I have found it to be far too unstable and fragile. Just trying to move it around to complete it resulted in various pieces popping off. I also find it quite unstable just being displayed, you simply can't touch it or risk pieces coming off, or having it topple over. Not sure where I will be able to display it safely so that it doesn't get touched and inadvertently damaged.
Hi all,

This is my very first review on this lego website as well as the first review of any kind related to lego period. 

Having just taken the plunge to purchase this set, i just wanted to offer my personal opinion. Like many fans out there, i was initially sitting on the fence on this one. I found various opinions ranging from those who loved the set to those who thought the set was quote "ugly". Though the person who had that view did not even purchase the set and was making assessment on the pictures alone. 

Having just completed the set, i can say... WOW! What a build! The pure details and the sheer scale of the ghost ship is just awe inspiring. I don't think any pictures will do this set any justice. I recommend any pirates of the caribbean, pirate themed fans or just any lego fans to atleast view it in person or buy the set before making judgements about it. I also love the building techniques on this one. Its a unique experience. 

This also brings me to discuss the negatives i found on this set and to conclude with my overall views and discussion on who this set is suited for. 

As for the negative side of this set, is the fragile nature of the ship itself which can lend itself to number of bits been knocked off should you wish to move the ship around. Also there is not much of an interior to speak of... i also found some of the building process a bit tricky at times. 

In terms of who this particular set is most suited for? This set is clearly designed for display purposes so i would highly recommend to those fans who wish to have this set for display purposes only as the obvious lack of interior features and the fragility of the build is not suitable for play by the younger fans out there. As for me personally, the lack of interior features did not matter to me as i was under no illusions that i was purchasing this set for display only and the great collections of minifigs really sealed the deal for me. The sharks are also bigger than what i thought so was a bonus. 

Overall, i feel that i got my money's worth and not just in terms of parts per cent but the design work and the creativity that went into this set. I can highly recommend this set to those older fans out there who are after a new display piece as i feel that those who like to play with lego sets may feel a bit short changed here with the lack of interiors and the fragile build of the ship which is not conducive to play at all. 

I hope that this review has been informative and helped those sitting on the fence to make a decision! Thanks for your attention!
My very first pirate ship! I would have to say it was a great experience building this set with my daughter. I was surprised to see information about the characters and the ship itself in the manual. Very nice detail and especially the design team behind it great work!
This ship is very different than other ships LEGO has made in the past. That is a good and bad thing. The bad is that its playability suffers from the fragile nature of parts of the model. The good side is that if you are looking for a display piece this is the ship you want. Taken at a slow pace the build has a nice amount of expert building which can be stretched out ofver a number of days. As for the value, you are getting $200 worth of parts. The big issue is that if you are buying for a child you probably are not getting $200 worth of toy. This is more of an adult's model.
Only since has Lego come back into my life, and after watching the incredible movie 'Pirates of the Caribbean' I thought id give this ago. The set itself comes with 8 mini figures, amazing detail, a true display peace apon completion. In my opinion Lego have made an extremely good representation from the actual ship in the film, all the little detail adds up. my only worry comes when i try to move the set as the set does tend to flex.
Overall the set brings me back to Lego again, I can see myself buying a lot more in the future.
I bought this ship and built it over 5 and a half hours. I love how the build looks, the open design of the hull is a wonderful touch, as is the bending backwards to attack. It is a touch delicate and difficult to move around without accidentally disassembling the ships ribs. Maybe use some clear pieces to make a frame to hold the pieces together.

Definitely a display piece, I wouldn't recommend any heavy play with it.

Overall, definitely worth the money.
I purchased this Ghost Ship to keep my Black Pearl company and it didn't disappoint. The detail of the curved hull is a first for Lego and done brilliantly and I loved the skeleton crew and sharks.

The only down side to this set is it is quite fragile. The falling mast falls at the slightest touch and the stand the ship is on feels shaky when the ship is being moved.
IT is one of many favorite sets I own. The minifigures are great. The ship looks great and is sturdy.
Don't misunderstand me, this set looks awesome when set up....


However!!!!!

This set requires pieces to be fitted into areas that a person with larger fingers may struggle with. 

It also requires a lot of turning upside down etc, and due to its fragility you can spend time reassembling pieces which is quite frustrating. I have noticed that Lego have already responded to this in a previous comment by saying the assembler may not have put together effectively...Not so Lego, this piece is fragile and you can't say otherwise. 

I would suggest this is NOT a playable piece for anyone but with the mildest of touches due to its fragility when assembled

It sits on three plastic stands but finding somewhere to hold it to move from one location to another is not easy


But.....

It looks awesome as a display piece with its sharks and figures (which there isn't really space on the ship to place) and if you like assembling intricate lego sets this is one for you 


Overall.....

Disappointed
Regardless of what you think about the film, this is a beautiful display set. I have hundreds of sets and the one you first see when you enter my home is this. I just love it. I love looking at it. It is so crazy and detailed. A strong recommendation for anyone who buys these sets to display.
PS the second set you see is the fortress from Prince of Persia, except in the Christmas season when it gets replaced by Santa's Workshop, possibly my favourite set of all (I am also extremely partial to the Pet Shop and Café Corner).
I'm not a big ship person, but I really like the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. I especially liked this newest one, Dead Men Tell No Tales, and I also like ghosts and Lego, so this set was perfect for me.
There are many things to talk about this set, so it's a good conversation piece. 
It's better to display rather than play with directly, mostly because the ship is not quite to scale. The doors to the captains quarters or wickedly tiny! Speaking of which, there is no captains quarters, it's just empty space. Anyways, the size is off, but it looks better with the minifigures than it does with the nanofigures, so Lego made the right choice there.
The minifigures in this set are fantastic. They're all exclusive to this set. We've gotten Captain Jack in a waistcoat outfit before, but this one is far more detailed than any one previously released.
The ship itself is very cool to mess around with by itself, but it's hard to move characters around on deck since it's a tight space with awkward footing. The ground next to the bell will fall through if you try to stand someone on there.
The bell has very nice gold elements on it. I'm not sure what makes it so nice. It's not chrome, but it's shinier and darker than the regular gold coloring. There's several elements like this scattered around the ship I've only seen this color before in previous PotC sets. Lego refers to one of the minifigures as a masthead, but I think they mean figurehead. This figurehead minifigure is very nice as well, though smaller than it is in the movie. The figurehead has a second face that looks angrier and more alive. I don't know how they did that, but thank you Lego.
There is very nice detail to how the ship moves. The rudder works and the cannons move up and down (though the flaps don't go down since the cannons don't move back). The front of the ship moves up just like in the movies, but a part of the stand gets in the way. It's fine however, because this part of the stand is easily removable. It is not explicitly stated in the instructions, but I'm pretty sure this is intentional.
The sides of the ship rise up to reveal where the two sharks are, which are as awesome as they look in the pictures (yes, a whole minifigure fits inside the shark). The fin really is cut off at the tip and minifigures can grab onto it (the fin, not the tip).
This set was very very very tedious to build. It's nearly mirrored, split down the middle. Not entirely, but enough to be irritating. It's fine though because the final product is lovely to look at. Something I didn't catch in the pictures of this set is that the masts are quite extravagant.
Rather disappointed with this set. I will echo several other reviewers when I say assembly was a challenge. The final appearance is definitely cool, but with a loss of playability that hurts too much to bear. Every time I move the set or when my kids play with it, it disintegrates. I'm talking whole sections collapsing. We have dozens of other sets, and this is the only one to have this problem. I think the "ghost" part of ghost-ship doesn't translate well to Lego. I was also disappointed in the lack of a playable Captain's Cabin area as it seems that there is enough room to have done something with that. Overall, a great display piece, just not something to touch. Ever.
My 7 year old sons dreams came true on Christmas morning when he opened this present. He wanted it so much. It did not disappoint. Apart from help with the plastic stands -He built it all by himself.

Since completing it he has moved it around with no problems. He's played with it non stop. 

He appreciates all the little details/the sea damage wear and tear and loves the figures. He also loved the bio and details in the booklet. All in all a great purchase.
After a long time of no Pirates Of The Caribbean products, LEGO has once again exceeded our expectations on an amazing set from an awesome movie series. 

The build was challenging but fun, however I would follow the age recommendation and not buy it for anyone under 14 yrs. 
The Mini-figures are all exclusives. If you are a mini-fig collector, these are good for your collection. 
The set is HUGE! It is bigger than I had thought it would be. Make sure you have a place to put it after your done. 
The functions on the set are very minimal and there are not a lot of places to play on. If you are expecting to be able play with this, than you will be disappointed. It is more built for being set up and leaving it for decor.

Overall, the set is good and I would recommend it to a teen/adult. The build is fun, the mini-figures are great, and it looks great in my room! 

Good job LEGO! Keep them coming!
Purchasing this model was a departure from my normal preference for motorized Technic models, but I was was attracted by this being a nautical model and intrigued by the fact that it was a model of a 'wrecked' rather than complete ship.
Normally I stockpile models for a "rainy day" but this one cried out to be built immediately. Nonetheless I spread construction out over a 2-week period to maximise my enjoyment of it, and I wasn't disappointed. The level of details is amazing, as are the visual effects that result from some very clever choices of bricks and an interesting combination of standard and Technic elements. The grand-ness of the finished model is amazing, and I have to say that the publicity photos on Lego.com and the packaging do not fully convey its scale or quality.
I struggled a little with the instructions where it was difficult to distinguish between black and dark brown parts. Maybe this is more due to my eyesight than anything, but fortunately there is no duplication of parts in these colours so this is not a serious problem. I would echo other comments about the security of the main mast pivot. I will display this model so the falling mast is of no real interest (until maybe my grand children get there hands on it!). I noticed that for the profile photo on the box, Lego had stacked the two pivot blocks to secure the mast, and I have done the same. Maybe Lego could consider including in the set two plain block without the ball and socket fittings to provide this option without detracting from the appearance of the model? It seems a little expensive compared with other models of similar size, though I suspect that Lego pays a royalty for such branded models that is reflected in the price.
That said, I thoroughly enjoyed building this model and I am pleased with the end result as it sits on my window sill having displaced a wooden display model of a Thames Sailing Barge. Thank you, Lego.
PROS: Very interesting build. This set is all about the display value. It is built to look broken and as such uses some very fun techniques to make it stay together while appearing to fall apart. Super build for expert builders. The figures are really fun and there are some fantastic play features like the bow jaws and the shark launchers. The figures feel complete and there are plenty included. There are a lot of great parts and this is a genuinely fun build. Very satisfying.

CONS: Not a build for kids, it isn't swooshable and will fall apart with basic play. Then again I don't think it was really intended to be.
The design is impressive, and the set is nice is some way, but overall it's too weird a set. Some things are just not meant to be made in Lego.
My friend recently bought this set and he and I loved it! The set was exactly like the films and the characters were heavily detailed. Enjoy fitting the masts and sails because they were the best parts.

Have fun building!
I have to say the minifigures really got me interested in this set along with the eerie rag sails. The attention to detail on the dead sailors did not disappoint. The build was interesting with very few identical repeats for the sides of the ship. Some very cool pieces are to be seen through the build that I haven't seen before. The sharks are a fun addition! Although the ship is not as bulky (I'm sure that is to keep it affordable) as on the movie the likeness of the 'real thing' is amazing! 
It is a great display model to add to the Lego collection and is an impressive size on the window sill.
I would highly recommend this set!
Please bring back the Black Pearl ( they did in the movie :) )
My middle son received this as a Christmas gift and because he got so much Lego, he has only just built it. He absolutely loves it and liked the skeleton-like base to the ship and especially the undead sharks. The masts are slightly flimsy but now that it is safely inside a Perspex case it is fine. Have just purchased him the Black Pearl from EBay because he watches the Pirates movies all the time and love ships. Competitive price too for this sizeable set.
The Silent Marry is a very detailed lego set that is a good challenge to build. When I got this set 2-3 days before it was released to the public who are not vips I was very excited! Lego did amazing with set. When I got the set I could tell just by the set that the movie was going to be great. And now the movie and the set are now one of my favorites in both of there respective categories. Everyone should by the set. It is kind of fragile on the front of the ship and the sails like falling off the masts but those are the only flaws so overall lego did amazing!!!!
Really fun Lego set to build, absolutely gets one into the Pirate mood. Definitely looks great displayed along with the Lego Black Pearl ship. My only complaint is that I like to display it with the bow of the ship raised up like a shark attack. Just like the picture on the outside of the box but gravity is winning the battle and the bow will not stay up. The included stand does not support the bow of the ship when displayed this way. Wondering if anyone else has had this issue and if so what they have done to make the bow stay up. 
Everything else about this set is fantastic.
This set was challenging to build but it was fun and the ending product look in person then online
I had no intention of spending 200 bucks on Legos. But when I saw the detailed set on display, how could I resist?? It includes 29 cannons, as well as 12 smaller ones! The ship is even bigger than the pictures tell! And the sharks are no exception. The skeleton sharks can eat an entire minifig! (Mouth closed) the build was a fun process, but PAY ATTENTION!!! I didn't, and forgot to ad in many pieces, causing confusion in the future. I would totally recomend this set to anyone!!! Great job Lego!!! :-)
My overall opinion about this set is very memorable, I enjoyed ships, but this one is very amazing design.
There's something fascinating about this ship, it's challenging to build but enjoyable too, the color scheme is gorgeous, one of my favorite sets in terms of construction and appearance.
This is by far the best lego ship ever made and the best Pirates of the caribbean set it micht also be the second best Disney set after the castle. it is larger than you micht expect and also much more solid than I thought. I loved assembling the set and I learned a few new building techniques.
One of my absolute favorite LEGO sets! It is so beautifully designed, after the real beautiful ship! The mini figures are fantastically detailed! It looks so great on display, and there are many ways to do it! Just Perfect!
Amazing ghost ship! Fell into love at the first glance. It is a great viewing model.
BTW, free VW Beatles gift is also good-to-have.
Exellant piece to add to the other 3 pirates of the Caribbean ships, exellant quality, only downside is the 3 support legs
